c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.Droid.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.Droid.pdb
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.Droid.apk
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.Platform.XamarinAndroid.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.pdb
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\XFP.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\XFP.Droid.dll
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\XFP.Droid.pdb
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\XFP.Droid.apk
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\5h4ck0x\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\5H4CK0X\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\XFP\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.Droid.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.Droid.apk
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.Droid-Signed.apk
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.Platform.XamarinAndroid.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\XFP.pdb
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\XFP.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\XFP.Droid.dll
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\XFP.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\XFP.Droid.apk
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\JulianAndres\Desktop\Xamarin-Forms-Project-master\XFP\XFP.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
